[Music]
dancing the cha cha cha and
[Applause]
[Music]
one
[Applause]
that was really the nominal it's really
hot go last seconds about is it I bet it
is scary you handled it very well indeed
so much content Amy your boys good isn't
he
that was simplified what it
well you posted it he's a star is born I
better know someone who got all wrapped
up by that you threw everything at it
that was week one in you're ready we
have a tour de force of a performance
but what I really loved is the way the
music with the body you don't need an
accent the band plays through you so I
have no idea what you're gonna do next
what a night
[Applause]
I really don't know what the National
Association of teachers of dance would
say about all those steps starting being
in the cha cha cha but as this is an
entertainment program I loved it
[Applause]
one matzo did you love it you know what
my head is spinning around I have a
slight headache because I'm coming here
to this country and I'm like week one
and they'd let one fight after the other
and bam bam I'm like geez what's
happening that was so good musicality
check personality check choreography
check technique with the weak one not
bad at all
[Applause]
thanks Amy
another crime okay sorry
wait one well done extraordinary
comments literally blown away over the
moon just yeah that was amazing
Jamie's here supporting my brother I
love you bro it takes on you everyday
sets of messages pictures voice notes
FaceTime here yeah that's my boy there
man I love him yeah very well
you're quite strict with him aren't you
but you're quite like it yes she's very
strict she's strictly my personal life
as well as professional about what to
eat when to sleep okay when to brush my
teeth okay good all right the scores are
in the judges have their scores Krieg
Revel Horwood eight
[Applause]
and Bruno Tonioli
[Music]